In lab, after connecting using Putty or SSH (on Windows) or Terminal 
(on a Mac), you performed several actions using the Unix/Linux commands 
to get your account and directories set up.  Do the following steps 
below and answer the following questions. 


1. What is the command to see where you are currently located: pwd



2. What command would you type to see a listing of everything that is in
   location where you are currently located: ls
	(Type that command now)



3. When you created a new directory for this course, what did you type: mkdir 101
	


4.	What would you type to get into the directory that you created for this 
   course: cd 101
	(Type that now so that you can get into that directory)



5.	Now type the command to see the contents of that directory.  What 
   items show up: lab lecture 
	


6.	Type the command to change directories so that you are in the Lecture 
   directory.  Then, create another directory called “Practice” (without 
	the quotes; doesn’t have to be capitalized).  

	What did you type to create that new directory called Practice: mkdir Practice
	


7.	What is the command to get straight back to your home directory: cd
   (Type that command now)



8.	From your home directory, what is the one single command that you would 
   type to see what is in your Lecture directory: ls lecture
	(Type that now to make sure it works)



9.	Using a single command, what would you type to change directories from 
	where you are at your home directory to get into your Practice directory: cd 101/lecture/Practice
	(Type that command now)



10. Using the editor of your choice, create a file called   lab1.txt
    What is the path on your account to this file? 101/lecture/Practice/lab1.txt 
	


	 If you followed the above instructions, you should all have the same 
	 path to the lab1.txt file (except for the userid).  And, by the way, by 
	 default - nobody else has access to your files, so the TAs and your 
	 instructor are not able to get onto your account and see what you have 
	 there or read your files, etc.


11. For this question, add some comments that express your thoughts so far
	 about the lab, how you feel about connecting to a named machine, using 
	 Linux, creating a file, which editor you think you may use, and any 
	 other quick thoughts you have so far about this course.  

I'm looking forward to being in this class! I feel like I'm gonna be able to hack stuff after this class is over so that's a cool feeling.


12. Save this file.  Then rename the file to lab1Answers.txt and submit 
    that file to Gradescope for the TAs to be able give you credit for 
	 it and be able to read it your thoughts at this point.

